Final Project: The Dating Database (Below are the requirements as written as the instructor)
Possible Points of Project: 60
My Project Score: 85

PROMPT
 Turn in a proposal that includes a conceptual level design document as well as the SQL needed to completely create a dating database, also show the SQL needed to "do" each of the use cases related to the points below.

REQUIREMENTS:
Some user information is secure ad should be stored separately from information that other users can see (like user’s hashed password, users email address).
There should be some information required for all users including some questions mandatory at sign-up, such as Gender, Age, and Geolocation (in longitude and latitude).
Users should be able to provide, or not provide, answers to any number of other optional questions.
The database should allow multiple photographs of a user.
The system’s Administrators should be able to add new questions to be asked at any time such as smoking preference, height, income level, education level, etc.
A user should be able to store preferences/criteria of who they are looking for.
A user should be able to send messages to another user.
A user should be able to block another user that they don’t want to see, or be seen by.
A user should be able to “get” a complete profile of another user based on the Uuid of that user.

EXTRA CREDIT:
A user should be able to “final people that match” based on their criteria, including a list of Uuids of users matching the criteria.
If you do this, you can assume that that there is a Stored procedure called DistanceBetween (Latitude1, Longitude1, Latitude2, Longitude2) that calculates the distance between 2 given users and returns it in km.

ADDITIONAL EXTRA CREDIT:
The creation of the stored procedure to calculate the DistanceBetween two users mentioned above.

Things to consider and include:
Presentation
Documentation (including the enumeration of reference tables)
Conceptual level ERD
SQL to create all the tables (including reference tables) and relationships
SQL to load test data into the database
Identification of Use Cases
SQL (and possible business rules required) to perform each Use Case
